Reviewer 15 of ICRA 2020 submission 1218

Comments to the author
======================

The paper presents a framework for active learning in
semantic segmentation. The framework is applied for the
transfer of an existing semantic segmentation CNN
(crop/weed detection) to a new field. The method uses
pseudo ground truth, generated by manual selection of
k-means clusters of the RGB values. The samples are
selected by three different strategies using a log-space
scale space. The samples are selected using the focal loss
(from the network), using the norm of gradients and using
gradient projection of one epoch training with pseudo
ground truth on the CNN. The approaches are compared to
a simple random selection of the samples and entropy-based
selection. Especially the approaches based on gradient led
to better results with only a few selected training
samples. 
The paper is good structured and understandable. The
introduction gives an idea of the purpose of the paper. The
contribution of the work is clearly shown. The proposed
active learning methods clearly reduce the manual
annotation effort. Especially, the t-SNE plot shows the
selected samples in the gradient space tangible.
Entropy-based selection is described in more detail in
Section IV/C “Comparison to Other Baselines” but is shown
in figures and tables before. It would be better
understandable if the entropy method is explained before.
The success of the method is dependent on the pseudo ground
truth. It would be interesting how the clustering of RGB
values performs when the task is to distinguish between
different crops which are hardly differed in the colour. I
assume RGB clustering would be not enough. Do you have an
idea how to approach other scenarios?
Overall, I recommend accepting the paper for the
conference.
