Reviewer 12 of ICRA 2020 submission 1218

Comments to the author
======================

The paper addresses active learning for semantic
segmentation in image-based agriculture application ie,
recognizing crop vs weed plants. Transfer learning is
explored, and selective sampling as well. 

Writing style is clear. I’ve appreciated the efforts made
by the authors to clarify their approach, eg sentences like
this are important: “We emphasize that the pseudo ground
truth is only used to select training samples that should
be annotated; the network weights are updated based on
manual annotations of the selected samples, which include
all three classes.”

I have concerns about the strategy used to select diverse
samples, which is based on the ranked order of increasing
loss values. I am not confident diversity is directly
related to loss value.

Perhaps a pseudo-algorithm could facilitate the
understanding of the three sample selection strategies.

I suggest preventing expressions as “handful of images”, on
the contrary, say the exact number of examples instead.

Fig4: I can not see IoU=0.79 in none of the curves. For me
the best performance is close to 0.77.

Experimental part is good. But, overall this paper is more
about image-based ML coping with an agri-robotics use case.
So, in my opinion, more details regarding the robotic
platforms, the sensors setup, the ways this perception
system will be incorporated in a real-world robotic system
or project would make the paper more robotic-related.

Some minor corrections, mistakes
loss values values
Table IV caption could be shortened, given the Table III
has quite similar caption.