Reviewer 6 of ICRA 2020 submission 1218

Comments to the author
======================

The paper is well written and well structured. The work is
interesting, but I have some points to be
clarified/discussed:

1- Why the performance on the Zurich dataset is less than
the performance on Stuttgart dataset (Figures 4 and 5).

2- The main issue is related to the number of classes of
the target problem. Indeed, the work presented in the paper
is concerned with a problem with 3 classes. The pseudo
ground truths that are used in the samples selection
process are generated using weakly supervised segmentation
(K-means). Each pseudo ground truth consists of a binary
segmentation with two classes (foreground and background).
Hence, the good performance could be explained by the fact
that the target problem and the pseudo ground truths have
almost the same number of classes: 3 for the target problem
and 2 for the pseudo ground truths. The question is how
would be the performance if the number of classes of the
target problem is high (>>2), which is the case in the
majority of semantic segmentation tasks. What is the point
of view of the authors about this issue ? If this is true,
how to handle this issue.

3- In page 5, second column, first paragraph. The authors
said "We found that it performs worse than when picking
random samples directly". Please give the compared
numeriacl results (performances) to assess this claiming.

4- The experiments of Tables V and VI and Figure 6 are
related to Stuttgart dataset. How about the Zurich dataset
? Are the analysis and conclusions the same ?

5- Minor comment: Page 3, column 2, end of the second
paragraph of Section C, "values" is repeated.